{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17080\viewh20460\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The Mueller Message\
\
Boilerplate: 
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mueller Communications is a collaborative team of marketing, communications and creative experts with unparalleled insights, experience and relationships. With integrity at the heart of all we do, our team of strategic problem solvers strives to do the right thing for our clients and our communities. Across industries and geographies, our comprehensive services consistently deliver measurable results to support the individuals and organizations who are making a difference in our communities.\
\
\
ELEVATOR SPEECH EXAMPLES ABOUT MUELLER COMMUNICATIONS:\
\
WHAT DOES MUELLER Communications DO?\'94:\
I work at Mueller Communications, a full- service communications and marketing agency located in Milwaukee. We provide services across the entire spectrum of communications, so whether an organization has good news to promote or a challenging situation to manage, our team of experts can develop a solution to meet their needs. We provide a diverse set of services and have an equally diverse client roster of organizations of all sizes, across all industries.\
\
TELL ME MORE...\'94:\
At Mueller, we pride ourselves on being problem solvers and storytellers. Everyone has a story to tell, and challenges to overcome - we develop solutions to ensure the right message is delivered to the right audience at the right time. This includes everything from media relations, marketing communications, website development, social media and graphic design to crisis communications and internal employee communications.\
\
WHO WE ARE\
We are a full-service team of seasoned, well-connected communications marketing, and creative experts. We believe in doing the right thing for our clients and the communities we serve.\
\
Whether you have good news to promote or a challenging situation to manage, we are the creative partners you want in the room to help achieve the best possible outcome. In all situations, the goal is positive growth for your organization.\
\
We have a deep bench of big picture creative problem solvers, each the best at their individual craft, powering a comprehensive approach to maximize results. We know what to do in complicated, stressful, high- stakes situations. We provide 24/7 support to our clients.\
\
\
WHAT WE DO\
With services as diverse as the clients we serve, we do what it takes to meet the unique needs of the individuals and organizations we partner with. We leverage decades of experience to tailor a comprehensive approach to help solve problems, mitigate risk and surpass goals.\
 \
Our capabilities at Mueller Communications include:\
 Media training\
 Digital & marketing\
 Media relations\
 Social media\
 Crisis communications\
 Public affairs and government relations  Civic & community engagement\
 Corporate communications\
\
We understand that you have important work to do, aggressive goals to meet and significant challenges to overcome. We help you identify and take your next right step.\
\
We tailor our approach to best position every unique client, circumstance\
and initiative.\
\
\
WHY IT MATTERS\
When clients engage us to do what we do best, it frees them up to focus on what they do best. We help organizations, leaders and influencers amplify their great work, ultimately supporting community and client growth.\
\
We help our clients do the right thing taking them...\
 From overwhelmed and unprepared to confident and equipped.\
 From unknown and misunderstood to visible and appreciated.\
 From frustrated and maxed out to empowered and strategic.\
 From inefficient and floundering to goal-oriented and effective .\
 From unpolished and unsure to influential and credible. 
\fs24 \
\
\
}